change log for package release 08-19-2025 (#10019)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/packages/metallb/v0.14.9.md

| sourceAddress | Source address to use when establishing the session. | None | False |
| password | Authentication password for routers enforcing TCP MD5 authenticated sessions. | None | False |
| passwordSecret | passwordSecret is a reference to the authentication secret for BGP Peer. The secret must be of type 'kubernetes.io/basic-auth' and the password stored under the "password" key. Example: <br/><pre>passwordSecret:<br/>  name: mySecret<br/>  namespace: metallb-system</pre> | None | False|
|---|---|---|---|
|**speaker**| announcing the services via L2 or BGP |||

> | ignoreExcludeLB |  ignore the exclude-from-external-load-balancers label, use case see [upstream](https://metallb.universe.tf/troubleshooting/index.html#metallb-is-not-advertising-my-service-from-my-control-plane-nodes-or-from-my-single-node-cluster) | False | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ignoreExcludeLB |  ignore the exclude-from-external-load-balancers node label for service announcements. [More details](https://metallb.universe.tf/troubleshooting/index.html#metallb-is-not-advertising-my-service-from-my-control-plane-nodes-or-from-my-single-node-cluster) | False | False |
```
